[Music]
Look look look look here I'm
saying don't bother it's an account
created last month and all of its tweets
are defending Choco suspicious
at least look suspicious at
least a bus year ago a bus years ago
I was right
[Music]
[Applause]
Basically the one here last time at one
point in her stream today she
changed to this scene where she had a
twitter that as you can see here wasn't
hers it was during al khatib ipi but it
really was her account here it was in
the medido account and it turns out that
she was using this account as a
secondary account to respond to her people
but not from her account but you have to
go through another person I mean the
account has already been deleted but
people take time to take screenshots of
some conversations
if you want to look for a conversation that
this account had or something like that
search for chocas on twitter and you'll get a
ton of photos and screenshots
[Music]
Good family important very important do you
think she's losing her efforts with this but not
because they caught her a multi account
from which she defends herself that is already
regrettable you  you can contribute what a shame
no how caught but it is not that anymore that
the question in the things that they put
between the account insulted for the physique and
enjoyed being tremendous javier choca
this shot himself with another account look at the
tweet of the post or it does not go man of course I would not be
surprised if he did not do it I
can not believe it do not tell me that
this account eugenio is the choque no but
this one puts me even comments on
youtube yes yes yes also it always
appears when I criticize when choca let's see let's
see but I am going to open the
youtube account right now it was too much that
account is on a kid above water pete
the kid in the photo and it was too much
look remove eugenio light no
at 300 viggers in tweets and 1900 on
youtube you were not the father of choca ha ha
look at you in a video in a video of
johann planas this user appeared to
mess with the viewers that I have
reminding me that I told choque is
that I was his father recommended channels
and wow 85 8 k 12 thousand 320  a thousand and you here
scratching from them with three thousand hahaha that
they steal our content like
you don't but here we are missing we said
eugenio luz but we are going to put me
on my channel because it's that come on, did you
imagine how many people insult me
throughout the day it's not me don't get excited
but that's because they put it out on that
account did you imagine how many people
insult me ​​throughout the day so that I would
stay with someone who catches my
attention and it's because what
moment appeared look why now comments
that I will already have blocked of course there are
many more dependent on review so
that many comments I will have
deleted because the guy was super heavy
but in plan videos that had nothing to
do with the chocas appeared that
sense
no
[Applause]
and it is that lamentable that lamentable and
lamentable fact almost not lamentable
lamentable ha ha I
knew that I had to throw myself my
insurance this test will be lost but
kathy bip and it is not the only
secondary account of the choca and a year ago he used
another one at least fz eugenio with the
box exactly the same ones here
you have the proof take advantage of being
captured before I delete it, I mean it's
true no but since it's not me this bigger
review also means no I mean
the first hundred comments on the
domination that has been done to himself,
let's say probably one of the
most pathetic videos on the internet by the way there are
the first 10 the rest look at you
no I can't believe what a
thought out sense they were chuchoca I'm not
saying because of how well it went for you when it
went viral the other time
choca and I'm still holding back
your followers coming to tell me now
who is the father of who now I tell you
papu whose vagina is burning with
the videos of jabil vida
where that no the hierarchy I know how
long to do made last year on
March 9 the one here you have a 363,000 psuv
and nobody has sent me made like nobody
sends me this no guy pathetic he
javi since they suck his dick so much he
has three thousand members he even knows how many
members I have that he imitates choca
my son 20 hug your father the king of
salsa and everything  the world right now in
the chat until javi oliveira was
right once again god I'm always
[ __ ] right dude look how much I liked him
[ __ ]' that guy from the Panama game and
the video is saying well look that can't
be my life dude look what I was
saying if you knew 15 if I knew who
created multiple accounts to insult me ​​and
then plays the victim I'm freaking out you
know the time will come I could
tell you with the passing of the years but no
better I say it's that I knew this account
because it appeared with I'm going to
mind not the big account because it
appeared all the time dude every
moment it appeared for me and for my
interactions and it appeared in my live and
in my things touching my balls at the
point it shocks unfortunate because it's a shame that
I deleted the messages what a shame
that I have to delete the comments snide I
mean the guy goes looking for his name all
day from all his accounts he keeps
crying about the six hundred
euro apartments that he didn't earn a future you have to
pay for it with the other pieces
failed deposits the guy appeared
here in my tweets  positive clay gob and
three days after being at an event
with hundreds I had gathered he
hugged everyone look at
Chocas's relationship I'm hallucinating javi what a good
stream take some money
[Music]
fails painter after fact colleagues this was
only missing now that the two thousand
people who are here become a member
or subscriber it can't be anything more real
more surreal than what we are
living in the same family family the
clash will be watching this right now you don't
know members please get
very angry don't bow your head king or your
crown could fall off a kiss from
life man but this has been very strong I
already want to make a saying pauli or
whoever it is I want you making a tito
so I can upload it to my tito account that
is in the style of the tito that
the fans of choca valencia made me what were the
chances that they were
canceling choca for multiple accounts and I
have a multi account for me the flu
kills 15 thousand people a year in Spain
like a simple flu that happens only the
viruses they have are bad it comes out of
the dick or  what a huge backlog of posts
in the language of the crash or
good thing I went live is
that I was going to bed you know what I'm
doing right now focus on the king of d you
touch the flat here bend down here and
create a multi account handsome or so how
is it possible that the crash gets but
that he has an account to see it tri that I
put what people respond to me in
their tweets great family great
guy is sick of course the
masks have a
hundred percent reliability it's true we didn't know it
really that dealing with people like you
has to be an outrage that's why I
will never be a content creator what do you mean
in the face you have a sample
guy listen to me listen to me listen to me he has
52 followers pay attention to this pay attention to
these eyes everyone and the first
follower he has is the official account
of Podemos
official follower he has is the
official account of Podemos
this can't be Pablo Iglesias behind
this family it can't be but what a
lame bouquet today is the day that's happening
family Javi you should start asking for
the award to be given to you  salsa singer
of the year of course of course I
come in to see you and I see you rolling on the
floor ha ha ha ha ha I'll see you on Thursday
with the meerkats the good one see frank
well look frank precisely talking
about surfing and here it is also and they catch us
talking about a rat be it skiing I
can't believe it the first account that
follows him is podemos and then he follows
everyone but yes now he's a fascist account too
this can't be true I stop me he
has you and suspended I mean he's played
the [ __ ] 40 it's the position he's main
in the play because in all the
accounts he has tweets from the Bulgarians that he
puts them he has the limit of
suspensions now I understand the bad blood
he had, crash man after
we were more or less talking in a good
way when we met do you remember
when we met in the flight of the
squid and then when they shot me the
guy laughed which seemed super ugly to me and his
power was ungentlemanly he gave the crash he doesn't
have the slightest idea of ​​what it's like to
test positive in Kobe inform yourself Antequera you
go  of tough and can't stand even half a
blow okay but tell us what he calls you and
post a picture no I mean threatening is very
easy but you'll have to have a little more
courage
dad
to tell me your address and I'll explain it to you I
'll make a sketch live if you want
face to face in the problem please the
typical child who is out with photos of
short girls that you are going to give me the runaround and a
false address walker my bird in the
meantime for nothing I'll open you private
brat now don't [ __ ] yourself [ __ ]
imagine that it has even been posted
privately man wow man look
answering someone someone who is
involved in the crash and the scissors appears very shameless he
was very shameless man that's why I had noticed
him I had
noticed the detoured the number of people who
insult me ​​at the end of the day so that I
noticed a hater when what they usually
do is block hide and manage del
child ya chat well look at you if
this account with this
photo caught my attention because maybe it's what I
showed you in videos that now had
nothing to do with it  with him he crashes the payment
venice haha ​​he has 3000 viewers and
the crash has 30,000 and it's as if in
a video talking to Joan Plana and now
here someone is blaming him a
newly created account your first you and it's this one and
auto light doesn't fail pathetic to
extreme levels of course because he is a pro he is
a pro of multi accounts look what he
puts on 2 mommy
but why but why do you put your
inspiring other followers uploading
a text and instilling fear bringing out the
mistakes of people from 10 years ago
I'm sure you'll get away with it and vitamins will come
throwing my [ __ ] let's see I'm going to look
directly for what I what
tags me I don't care look at everything that
Xavi's followers put on me the
truth is that they are quite stupid the way
things are kids this is something
personal this is something personal against
you I wouldn't become a
member right now done here wrong take
some big bastard look look look look here
I'm saying don't bother it's an
account created last month and all its
tweets are defending the crash
suspicious how much  less look suspicious
the less a bus does a year ago
I was right about the
irrefutable argument that the video is bad
because they put the comments
we can't discuss anything and he says your
irrefutable argument is that the crash is not
known that it does not appear on google 30 and
now the most pathetic thing on the internet says
that he crashes he hangs on the fame of the
shame and in lies in the gang that
wants to collaborate with him and you
literally live off the gang
leaving a burned audience is that
absolutely everyone laughs at you and
tells you that you are pitiful then you continue to be
burned as if what you
had before was not enough, which was already mind months what
you had right now hahaha the
month before ego had three thousand
viewers 5,000 subs and made one
million 400 thousand views in 126 hours of
streaming it was the biggest streaming
in Europe my mother what galas and
that objective he only the hub and that he already
sucks his pencil so much has three
thousand members knows how many members
chocas had before golan 25 thousand 25
thousand  I mean he was 10 times bigger than
javi, chocar didn't have
25,000 members before the ball first because he
wasn't on youtube and second because he
wasn't 21 25 minutes old
either oh my god man let's see if he
messed with someone else on this account
this account just for me what a shame
day 6 he started reading the
comments on the video that I made man that
made it clear that the beautiful
macarena lona like the one who follows him
can we if I get attention like he
follows him can someone so
obsessed with answering all his
criticism hides a
tremendous insecurity anyway if you're
observant you can see that bocas insecure and has
complexes I mean look at you done here
I posted a tweet on April 13th of
last year congratulating juan no yo juan
for the madness of the day this favor that
the day he reached one hundred and something thousand
viewers he surpassed the blond and wow
happy and someone makes fun of me here
what will become of my followers we have to
respect the ranks chunga I loved to
surpass choca and I put him  I
wish Choco were half of Juan and
not just in numbers and look how he burns
that appears here well you will
never be half of Choco friends
that Juan has made a criticism and now he
is your best friend and you have made 30
videos lying about him but since he has
once criticized your public enemy
number one now his brother Andy student your
feathers are showing that I support
Juan in something in congratulating him for the
viewers because he has criticized
Choco and that he is my enemy
number one Choco or there is no YouTube here
so you can be my enemy number one
get in line with him but get in
line and bore you because the same thing is going to
get in line that I serve you
raise your four as if you were going to the
market the importance that is given to the
level that is believed that the king of salsa
has him as enemy number one I have followed
this since long before you for sure
although I did not use twitter until now
ask Juan what he thinks of Javi
to see if they think the same as you we will see
if it is  true the opinions if juan had not
been the critic clashes javi would never have
suffered that screen he would
not think well of me because I put up with
laws and even I even made one and don't
see which one and I had a good time that we
got along that even today
we made a collaboration or agreement we
did an interview with joan I
did an interview that will be on my
channel I think but then it is company mind
with the people who upload videos about
dallas I don't know what roll I am not going to jump
on the bandwagon talking directly about
win michu's problem with dallas but I am
going to do it by criticizing those who are
talking about this subject that is a
very intelligent indirect way by the way of
jumping on the bandwagon because he knows that by
putting this thumbnail and this title
the visits will rain on you because
people know that on this subject I get angry
because I took it personally and made my
name because he also had videos
on the subject of haiphong to dallas so
that he also eats he messes with dallas
too now we always look he goes to the sun
that warms the most gives one of lime and others
of sand but you forget about all the
bad part remember all the water that fell on him
completely out of proportion because
of javi's videos that was
proportional to it which reached him a lot
6 because of my videos no joke no joke and he
will have found out sometimes whole
because they mentioned it to me once the
game over that he says mother the turkey I'm
back to give house he says but
multi accounts does this man have well for
now andrés pérez that you don't know they don't
realize the worst man they send me this
tweet from eugenio that I'm going to read to you
put a picture of yourself before insulting
because maybe some of us take advantage of it
we wake up suddenly if not shut your
mouth really I can't stand my life on the internet I just ca
n't say it any other
way eugenio luna arabic rose ray
comment keep crying for the
600 euro apartments that he doesn't earn a hard point you have to
pay for it with the other
pieces points failed look at the
things he puts this is going to make him lose
subscribers for sure putting these
things man people are not going to want him
for money anymore what  I'm being dude you
're not realizing god
what we're watching we're freaking out with
what he's writing the
multiple accounts he has choca on
twitter but we'll never know because
that has to be the tip [ __ ]
what he's done for youtube the things he's
written in
youtube comments with the multiple accounts he's
written some tremendous things to me what happens is that of
course I delete it but see here I don't
have it here it doesn't matter to you I'm blocked look
fighting with the eaters with the people in
the comments how much time does this
man have because he has so much time with
all the time they throw string how does he have
time left to spend studying
fighting with people on twitter
fighting with the people in my comments
recommended channels I was going to 85 thousand 814
thousand credits 20 thousand and you here scraping
from them with three thousand and what's going on three
thousand viewers are few look what it
is here if I am a follower of javi and I
like the nonsense he makes up but he
is a content thief and without the
content of others he would be nothing
choca is a friend of mine in  in real life I
see him from time to time here in Lugo that's
why I know what I'm talking about what a slap I'd
give you if I had you in front of me him and I
haha ​​three hundred viggers in tweets
and 1900 on YouTube you weren't choca's father
haha ​​objectives he takes those kinds of
insults seriously look here at the video
of the chocas chick skillful and life
since it's a video totally with the click
of when we met the two of us it's in
the squid game man look what
around here God will be foul-mouthed but he
knocked him down and very well knocked down the hardest thing they've
done to Javi and his biggest fall I
mean the crash he considers that I have done is
the biggest humiliation that they have done to me
by the way
by citi half something finally finally and
how am I going to win he surely invited me
to the next one too I mean the crash he
spoke to me like that with bad intentions to
try to knock me down choca whenever
you want come have a debate with me about
all the criticisms that I have made you
whenever you want choca but come with your
account please don't come with
Eugenio's account but look  you god of bad
vibes man what bad vibes we are here having
good vibes clash look I'm going to address
you now very seriously ok earning 150
thousand euros a month you will surely have a
lot of viewers on twist and I will
have much less but I am still your
father because the family that I have the
relationship I have with them the hours a
day that I enjoy with my wife and the two
children that I have and the life that I have I do not
lack a euro I do not need a euro
more than what I have you are much more of a
failure than me with all the money you
have you do not have even a thousandth of the
treasures that I have after 12 or 13
hours of stress with the lights off and with
4 bags of garbage from the entire
day's food at the door you lie down on the bed or
on the couch you go into javi
oliveira's channel with your multiple accounts and you dedicate
hours that I cannot afford to
do that nonsense fighting with
my followers to eat the police
yourself and you waste many more
hours telling me from multiple accounts what you have
not had the balls  to tell me
from yours because then I'll make a
line and they have the balls to send me
a greeting of good vibes posted javi
oliveira but but as better you have
tried one it is supposed that you hate me a lot
how is it possible that God has paid for me
always every time I see you every time I
go to talk to you you are telling me
that I am a horrible person that I do not
deserve anything of what I have that I mean
because because I like it is I do not
understand it I tell you totally
good you
are a little false you are a public scream
and you are a [ __ ] coward and you will have all the
money you want but you are a guy a
sad little man you are a sad
little man failed in life because he has
obtained the money but he has not
obtained even a thousandth of the
treasures that I have now I am going to
bed with my wife and with my baby you
now go to bed with Eugenio and with a
large part of my followers I would
insult you like you do from the multi
accounts but it makes me feel sorry and you just
qualified you alone
[Music]
to